growing up fast friendships kind of
faith thinking about the past man I miss
it every day but when life is tough
fucking I was turned to you my brother
but my homie always gonna stay true
growing up fast friendships kind of fade
thinking about the past man I miss it
every day but what life is tough I can
always turn to you my brother and my
homie I was gonna stay true on 10 years
ago we were in the first grade always in
trouble we were never separate we were
partners in crime all the little girls
love made a pact back then they wouldn't
come between us we were the same height
but I was looking up to you cuz
everything you did it instantly became
cool time flies by now we're in the
fifth grade plan your duty every night
and always staying up late middle school
comes and we're playing basketball I was
always nervous and just had to pass it
off we lost every game but our bonds
stay strong then we're in the ninth
grade things started going wrong falling
for the same chicks making us frameless
we made it past and now I wanna be
famous people think I'm crazy but you've
always had my back I love you like a
brother and I always remember again
growing up fast friendships height of
faith thinking about the past man I miss
it every day but when life gets tough I
can always turn to you my brother but my
homie I was gonna stay true growing up
fast friendships kind of faith thinking
about the past man I miss it every day
but what life is tough I can always turn
to you my brother and my homie I was
gonna stay true on Little League
baseball on the same team started
hanging out and now we're almost 18
first summer beach trip now we had a
blast wish I could take the sand and put
it back inside the hourglass it's all
going smooth in your parents separated
you moved in with your dad and I was
kind of devastated but Tom moved on it
was tough i had to fight it when you
move back home I was just so excited we
always had a bond I could always come to
you if I ever needed help you would
always get me through you put the
fashion from your heart and everything
you do friday night lights watch a game
with the whole group ball get snapped
then we watch as you break through 2nd
floor lost the whole crowd starts to
cheer for you and I just start to smile
whisper that's my best friend I love you
like a brother and that's till the end
growing up fast friendships kind of
faith thinking about the past man I miss
it every day but what life gets tough
fucking I was tired to you my brother
but my homie I was gonna stay true grow
without fast
out of faith thinking about the past man
i miss it every day but what life is
tough i can always turn to you my
brother and my homie i was gonna stay
drew on me